You've now learned about several
highly effective neural network and
ConvNet architectures.
What I want to do in the next few videos
is share with you some practical advice on
how to use them, first starting with
using open source implementations.
It turns out that a lot of these neural
networks are difficult or finicky
to replicate because a lot of details
about tuning of the hyperparameters such
as learning decay and other things that
make some difference to the performance.
And so I've found that it's
sometimes difficult even for,
say, a higher deep loving PhD students,
even at the top universities
to replicate someone else's polished
work just from reading their paper.
Fortunately, a lot of
deep learning researchers
routinely open source their work on
the Internet, such as on GitHub.
And as you do work yourself,
I certainly encourage you
to consider contributing back your
code to the open source community.
But if you see a research paper whose
results you would like to build on top of,
one thing you should consider doing,
one thing I do quite often it's just look
online for an open source implementation.
Because if you can get the author's
implementation, you can usually get going
much faster than if you would try
to reimplement it from scratch.
Although sometimes reimplementing
from scratch could be a good exercise
to do as well.
If you're already familiar
with how to use GitHub,
this video might be less necessary or
less important for you.
But if you aren't used to downloading
open-source code from GitHub,
let me quickly show you how easy it is.
Let's say you're excited about residual
networks, and you want to use it.
So let's search for residence on GitHub.
And so you actually see a lot of different
implementations of residence on GitHub.
And I'm just going to go
to the first URL here.
And this is a GitHub repo
that implements residence.
Along with the GitHub webpages if
you scroll down we'll have some text
describing the work or
the particular implementation.
On this particular repo,
this particular GitHub
repository was actually by the original
authors of the ResNet paper.
And this code,
this license under an MIT license,
you can click through to take a look
at the implications of this license.
The MIT License is one of
the more permissive or
one of the more open open-source licenses.
So I'm going to go ahead and download the
code, and to do that, click on this link.
This gives you the URL that you
can use to download the code.
I'm going to click on this button over
here to copy the URL to my clipboard and
then go over here.
Then all you have to do is type git clone
and then Ctrl+V for the URL and hit Enter.
And so
in a couples of seconds it has download,
has cloned this repository
to my local hard disk.
So let's go into the directory and
let's take a look.
I'm more used in Mac than Windows, but I
guess let's see, let's go to prototxt and
I think this is where it has
the files specifying the network.
So let's take a look at this file, because
this is a very long file that specifies
the detail configurations of the ResNet
with a 101 layers, all right?
And it looks like from what I
remember seeing from this webpage,
this particular implementation
uses the Cafe framework.
But if you wanted implementation
of this code using some other
programming framework,
you might be able to find it as well.
So if you're developing
a computer vision application,
a very common workflow would be to
pick an architecture that you like,
maybe one of the ones you
learned about in this course.
Or maybe one that you heard about from
a friend or from some literature.
And look for
an open source implementation and
download it from GitHub to
start building from there.
One of the advantages of doing so
also is that sometimes these networks take
a long time to train, and someone else
might have used multiple GPUs and
a very large dataset to pretrain
some of these networks.
And that allows you to do
transfer learning using these
networks which we'll discuss
in the next video as well.
Of course if you're computer vision
researcher implementing these things from
scratch, then your workflow
will be different.
And if you do that,
then do contribute your work back
to the open source community.
But because so many vision researchers
have done so much work implementing these
architectures, I found that often
starting with open-source implementations
is a better way, or certainly a faster
way to get started on a new project.